All right, Randy,
tell us what's behind door number two.
[LAUGH]
>> So door number two actually contains
frequent terminology that
we'll cover in this course.
>> Excellent, excellent.
>> So let's go ahead and get started.
>> Take a look at it, all right.
>> So, yeah, you heard these terms
earlier, Protocol, Datagrams,
Packets, Internet Protocol Suite.
So protocol is a set of rules for how
the systems communicate, datagrams, same
thing, are packets where it's just data
to be sent between devices on a network.
And Internet Protocol Suite is just
another name for the Internet Protocol,
pretty cool, but so the big deals
are the codecs and containers.
So Codec was just a way
to say a coder-decoder so
that means it'll encode say,
some kind of audio or
voice signal and then later on,
the same codec will be used to decode it.
This allows for easy or
better transmission because
sending a big file is gonna be too hard
and then you also need to use the same
codec to decode it because you'd be
using the same algorithm for the coding.
>> How nifty that they called it codec.
>> Yeah.
>> Coder, decoder.
[LAUGH]
>> I would've never thought of that.
Often times though codecs get confused for
something called containers and
containers are just file formats
that contain the codecs,
right, so containers could be like
a dot wav file, dot mp3, etc.
And finally we will be talking about
something called the GStreamer and
that's just for the, I believe,
the Bluetooth system.
>> So yeah, we're not gonna go
too much into GStreamer, however,
you do just kind of need to understand
it's kind of a bunch of codecs that come.
>> Yeah, like an all-in-one.
>> It's like an all-in-one and
it comes in your newest release of Ubuntu.
So since we're gonna be mainly working
with Android on this particular,
this particular course, you are welcome
and in the next module actually,
we're gonna talk about Linphone, and
you can get it on Ubuntu, and Android for
your dragon board 410C.
But, you know, these are the codecs
that you're probably gonna be using,
is these GStreamer,
this GStreamer set and yeah.
So we might mention a little bit about it,
it might come up, it's good to know there,
I'd recommend searching for it and kinda
learning a little bit more about it, but
yeah, it's gonna mainly be used for
Ubuntu.
Yeah.
>> Huh.
>> So yeah, so
we'll see you in the next videos.
What, next lesson already, right?
>> Yeah, next lesson already.
[CROSSTALK]
>> With this, hopefully you have a nice
cheat sheet to look at to reference
later on, so see you next time.